DOC: Update SurfaceToolbox documentation to include "uniform remeshing" (#6667)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/modules/surfacetoolbox.md

This tool can merge coincident points, remove unused points (i.e. not used by
any cell) and treat degenerate cells.

### Uniform remeshing

Uniformly remesh the surface using [ACVD algorithm](https://github.com/pyvista/pyacvd).

This resampling typically provides higher quality meshes than decimation, with similar computation time.

> - **Subdivide:** Number of subdivision to perform before remeshing. Each subdivision creates 4 triangles for each input triangle. This is needed if the required number of clusters are higher than the number of cells in the input mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Subdivide:** Number of subdivision to perform before remeshing. Each subdivision creates 4 triangles for each input triangle. This is needed if the required number of desired points is higher than the number of points in the input mesh, or there are some too large cells in the input mesh.
```

> - **Clusters:** Number of desired cells in the output mesh. Use higher number to preserve more details.

Reviewer: I've made a mistake when documenting this parameter (I'll fix that in a couple of minutes) in Surface toolbox. Clusters actually means the number of desired points (not cells).

```suggestion
- **Number of points:** Number of desired points in the output mesh. Use higher number to preserve more details.
```
